# ARCC
ARCC White Paper Abstract. 

Bitcoin is the technological proof of concept of the decentralization of peer-to-peer trustless electronic cash, which then lead to the economic achievement of the issuance of a new global non-fiat currency. While ‘token sales’ through Ethereum have created hundreds of new ‘cryptocurrencies’, few progress past the standard that Bitcoin has achieved. The next steps in innovation should be found in cryptocurrencies which have the objective to further a new global decentralized economic paradigm.

We propose to explore the impact of cryptocurrencies in the area of ‘economic development’. Economic development is the area of bringing ‘emerging market’ developing countries out of poverty to the standards and stability of the developed world.  Currently, there is no clear economic development model in these emerging markets which provides mass inclusive distributed development that improves the lives of all individuals over that of the standing economic elite, i.e. major corporations or societal elites who are the main beneficiaries of increased GDP of an emerging nation.

Incorporating two major innovations of bitcoin, decentralization and incentives, the International Blockchain Monetary Reserve, IBMR.io, seeks to create a new economic participation model through a process of ‘Social Proof of Work’.  In emerging markets, individuals do not have the opportunity to engage in asset accumulation or plan for a long term economic outlook due to the unfair and exploitive use of centralized power by the economic elites which completely excludes individuals from asset building resources. This in turn makes scalable entrepreneurship by the urban working poor nearly impossible.  The ethos of blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies is to create trustless financial structures that create access to distributed and unrestricted capital for every individual. By its nature, cryptocurrencies provide the ideal ‘micro asset’ which can be digitally distributed at fractional values and earned through multiple unrestricted avenues, such as mining or trading.  Nowhere is this more of a necessity than for emerging markets to break out of the structured oppression of powerlessness and poverty.

Yet, the inclusive distributed acquisition of cryptocurrencies by the urban working poor in these emerging markets is an unrealistic undertaking due to the capital cost of mining through hardware and electricity.  IBMR.io’s proposition is to replace capital/hardware based mining with ‘Social Proof of Work’.  ‘Social Proof of Work’ replaces the act of mining with electricity with mining through socio-economic survey participation and peer-to-peer validation. Users will be prompted via a mobile app to answer socio-economic surveys based on their location or daily activities.  These socio-economic surveys cover issues such as their income and the cost of basic utilities verses usage, commuting times, business licensing processing times, local construction, number of power brownouts, overcrowding for public transportation and reported crime and extortion by local authorities, etc.  This information, aggregated and visually represented on an urban map provides ‘radical transparency’ and a direct counter force to the existing systemic corruption and inefficiencies.  The value created by such a system will be the greatest productivity force for an entire class of the urban working poor. The results would be an increase in direct financial inclusion of fair wealth distribution, long term planning, entrepreneurial activity and the optimization of urban infrastructure and utility pricing, etc. Ultimately, this solves the biggest problem facing urban emerging market economic development, namely, the systemic corruption by the centralized economic elite that have an interest in maintaining the inefficiencies of the system. 

IBMR.io will issued the ARCC, Asia Reserve Currency Coin, to act as the crypto-reserve currency earned by the Social Proof of Work model. The value of the crypto-reserve currency is determined in how it is structured as a ‘micro asset’.  Fundamentally, the characteristic of the ‘micro asset’ must be such that it can increase in real value to act as a sufficient incentive for participation and adoption. The micro asset must act as a ‘store of value’ proposition. To accomplish this, the crypto-reserve currency, ARCC, will be backed by underlying assets that are aligned with the region’s economic growth and competitiveness with a currency reserve mechanism for market making. ARCC’s market value will increase in a stable trajectory in line with the aggregated value of the underlying asset reserve structure.  

ARCC as a stable growth ‘micro asset’ will provide sufficient incentive for ‘Social Proof of Work’ adoption, while in turn, the radical transparency created by ‘Social Proof of Work’ will exponentially increases the productivity and growth of the regional economy. As ARCC is aligned with this regional growth, this completes an ‘infinity loop’ network value proposition that is inherent in all true stable fiat currencies i.e. underlying assets supporting future competitiveness backed by market driven adoption model.   While similar to the positioning of a crypto ‘stable coin’, ARCC takes this one step further be the next cryptocurrency economic innovation that bridges the gap between the crypto and fiat currency systems in how it leverages both inherent value propositions.  

In application to emerging markets, these markets all face a high degree of volatility which affects currency stability, which in turn, affects overall national investment and market sentiment. Yet on a regional level, regions such as South East Asia, have exhibited consistent growth mainly through urban concentration. ARCC will: (i) align its underlying value to this regional economic growth through investment in regional infrastructure and industrial projects, (ii) hold a currency reserve to give a base value for the ARCC as well as engage as an active market maker, (iii) be directly distributed to the individuals of the region through Social Proof of Work, and (iv) create the first decentralized regional ‘micro asset’ economic development network. Resulting in the creation of the ‘ARCC Crypto-Reserve Network Infinity Loop’   

This micro asset crypto-reserve currency structure will be seeded by the ARCC token sale which will see 90% of the total token sale funds put equally towards the reserve and the regional investments with the remaining 10% going toward platform development and operations.  The objective is to create the largest ‘micro asset’ network in the world starting with South East Asia and transforming the lives of the urban working poor through the innovation of the blockchain as a force for financial inclusion and distributed growth.  
